Added Support for Virtual  MFA Audit (#509)
inspec/inspec-aws: docs/resources/aws_iam_virtual_mfa_devices.md

| arn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that identifies the user. |
| create_date | The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format , when the user was created. |
| tags | The tags for the resource. |
| enable_date | The date when the virtual mfa was Enabled.  |

## Examples

### Ensure an user_name is available.

    describe aws_iam_virtual_mfa_devices do
      its('user_name') { should include 'user_name' }
    end

### Ensure that an arn is available.
    describe aws_iam_virtual_mfa_devices do
        its('arns') { should include 'TEST_ARN' }
    end

## Matchers

This InSpec audit resource has the following special matchers. For a full list of available matchers, please visit our [Universal Matchers page](https://www.inspec.io/docs/reference/matchers/).

The controls will pass if the `list` method returns at least one result.

### exist

Use `should` to test that the entity exists.

    describe aws_iam_virtual_mfa_devices do
      it { should exist }
    end

Use `should_not` to test the entity does not exist.

    describe aws_iam_virtual_mfa_devices do
      it { should_not exist }
    end

### be_available

> Use `should` to check if the work_group name is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `should` to check if the entity is available.
```
